It's been
nearly two weeks since Hamas militants
abducted dozens
and dozens of hostages in Israel,
and their families are growing desperate.
More tonight from my colleague
Erin Burnett, who's in Tel Aviv Erin.
Abbi, it has been 12 days
since those hostages were abducted.
I mean, you have to think about what
they've been enduring in that time,
we understand, maybe held in tunnels.
Who knows what the circumstances are?
And of course,
their families are desperate
for any sign of their loved ones.
They all tell us
they just want a sign of life,
any kind of a sign of life.
Earlier today,
I had a chance to talk
to the parents of two of the hostages,
Maya and E.J. Regev.
They were both abducted by Hamas
at the music festival.
At least 260 people were killed,
of course, at that festival,
and their parents
thought they were among them.
At first,
their father played me
a harrowing phone call
from his daughter,
Maya,
as she came face to
face with Hamas terrorists,
to my husband to
I can hold
onto my call and
my thought
I've heard that.
But I guess that's my effort.
Their method, my
coping
with
whatever she said.
She over
30 wanted to hear my sense of humor
the only bad moments to see me coming
out
you know,
I the suffering
took some water,
some water
some hummus,
the form of
I felt she was the
I thought both of them did
the most.
My son, both both of my child in the car
he chose to kill me.
To kill me. I love you, Bob.
I love you.
The AP, obviously,
it's incredible to watch that.
You can see Marines reaction.
And Alon, of course,
the heartbreak
but they wanted the world to hear
that call.
Ilan had not listened to it
since he actually spoke to his daughter.
Marie had not heard it until that moment.
And you could see her
steeling herself to hear it.
But she wanted the world to hear it
because they want the world to know.
They they also told me
that they saw video on social media
a very brief
one from Hamas that showed their son
taken hostage.
And they haven't seen any video
of their daughter,
although they say
that Israeli authorities
just a few days ago
told them the Israeli army came
and told them on Monday night
that both of their children
are being held in Gaza.
So they thought it
obviously very important
that the Israeli government, Avi,
knew that but the Israeli army refused
to tell them
exactly how they know this information.
But, of course,
I mean,
you can see the anguish
and the pain
as those parents wait and wait
and pray for a sign
of life of their children.